so this is the very first time I ever do
something like this on my channel
basically I am gonna be trying an on
inform where I have tried his team
season version his informs but now we go
back in time basically but we're gonna
try them in a sense I attacking
midfielder spots at Real Madrid he looks
awesome but is he as good as the
vergence I have tried them in and they
sent a second middle spot that's what
we're gonna find out if you guys are
looking for a cheap reliable place to
get you can check out battery calm down
and could be in the description and use
the code it only to get 5% off it's
looking for PSN cards Microsoft Points
check link also in the description now
there is a couple of negatives I really
want to tell you guys about with the non
inform because this is the very first
time like I said to try them on inform
and they sent attacker material sports
his shooting is inconsistent keep that
in mind you will see a really nice shot
from him but his shooting is really
inconsistent with the non inform
sometimes he will score you some amazing
long-distance goals and sometimes right
inside the penalty area he won't even
finish but that could come down to his
crappy finishing compares his team's
season card and this is international
mathematics card and so on and so forth
but I actually realized his finishing
isn't the greatest and for a sense
attacking midfielder I just want my you
know my scent attacking midfielder to be
reliable in the penalty area and I
didn't think Rodriguez was that reliable
in my opinion 3 star week 4 it's very
annoying I came really close to scoring
a couple of goals in the penalty area as
well but his right foot just you just
can't finish with his right foot you
have to be very lucky to school his
right foot now his finished shots were
okay nowhere near as good as diem forms
and team season card and international
mathematical odds but they were okay I
mean I didn't find myself finding it
easy to score for net shots from four
yards with this guy so keep that in mind
he has full star skills so you skill is
out there for a sent attack in mid if
you want someone in the La Liga
like Rodriguez you might really find
them useful with that four star skills
thesis-driven aggression didn't find him
we call sometimes he would make he would
cause a lot of problems in the penalty
area and sometimes it would create
something out of nothing basically you
could just run straight with him you'll
see in the clip at the end like three
four defenders it took to stop him so I
found a pretty strong very good dribbler
as well I mean for a sense attack mature
that's one of the
most important attributes for me is to
have a good dribbler that's a scent
attacking midfielder Rodriguez
definitely fills that spot decent pace
he's not the slowest but he's not the
fastest at the same time so overall he's
a good scent attacking midfielder but if
you've tried the previous version
Sanchez's informs his international man
the matches and team's season cards I
don't think you will like this one
because you'll be disappointed with how
downgraded he is or he feels like but he
always was a 83 overall Cod and you're
comparing him to a 91 card it doesn't
make sense so keep that in mind when
you're trying to buy the Real Madrid
Rodriguez and I have to say in my
opinion he's he's an 8.5 but other than
that if you've played with the team
season called you know he is the best
center that can mature in this damn game
unfortunately that one is not a real
Madrid version so hope you guys enjoy
this video if you did I'd really
appreciate like I try to give you my
honest opinion on every single player
and I really hope you guys have a very
nice day